FIX raise error for max_df and min_df greater than 1 in Vectorizer (#20752)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

    :pr:`123456` by :user:`Joe Bloggs <joeongithub>`.
    where 123456 is the *pull request* number, not the issue number.

:mod:`sklearn.feature_extraction`
.................................

- |Fix| Fixed a bug in :class:`feature_extraction.CountVectorizer` and
  :class:`feature_extraction.TfidfVectorizer` by raising an

>   error when min_idf or max_idf is a float and > 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  error when `min_idf` or `max_idf` are floating-point numbers greater than 1.
```
